traveler-live
The TravelerOS live kit (forked from linux-live 2.11) that anyone can use to make a TravelerOS-based linux distro.
This README file will show you all the steps to create a bootable TravelerOS-based linux distro.

1. Creating the base
To create a TravelerOS-based linux distro, you need a base first, here are some linux distros I suggest using for your base.
If you want your TravelerOS-based linux distro to be Debian based, use Q4OS, or Debian.
If you want your TravelerOS-based linux distro to be Ubuntu based, just use Ubuntu, or the Ubuntu spins.
If you want your TravelerOS-based linux distro to be Arch based, just use Arch, or Arch-based distros.

But, whatever distro your using, it can also be your base.

2. Customizing
You need to customize your linux distro with your branding.
To create the logo, I suggest using Canva or other photo editing software to create your logo.
For the wallpaper, you can choose any wallpaper that your distro comes with or create your own by
taking pictures of random things, like trains, parks, lakes, oceans, and lots more!
You can also customize other stuff.

3. Adding/Removing software (Optional)
Some linux distros come with pre-installed applications that you don't want.
You can remove them by using the terminal, software manager, or whatever.
Removing software can make your ISO image smaller.

4. Installing this repository
Head to your web browser that your linux distro comes with, like Firefox.
Then, go to the repository and go to Code > HTTPS > Download ZIP
After that, extract the zip to whatever directory you want the folder to be in. (example: /home/username)

5. Customizing the repository
Head to the config script, and open it using your text editor.
Edit LIVEKITNAME.
Also, vmlinuz sometimes is located in the /boot folder. So just try to locate the vmlinuz file,
and type the path to vmlinuz in ./config

Head to the bootfiles folder, and look for bootlogo.png. To replace it, use a photo
editing software to create your customized bootlogo.png. Remember that bootlogo.png is 640x480,
so don't make it bigger.

Then, head to syslinux.cfg and add the following boot paremeters at the end of the APPEND section:
perchdir=new
perchdir=resume
This will activate persistent changes.

6. Running ./build
Make sure your running the terminal as root for this one.
All you have to do is:
sudo su - root
then,
cd /PATH/TO/LIVE/KIT
finally, do
sudo ./build
then, play the waiting game!
Once it's finished, you can make the ISO file in /tmp, or somewhere else.

* You will need the following packages to be installed:
  - squashfs-tools
  - genisoimage or mkisofs
  - zip

